Updated docs for authoring middleware components in 1.10 (#3123)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/components/middleware.md

description: "Customize processing pipelines by adding middleware components"
---

Dapr allows custom processing pipelines to be defined by chaining a series of middleware components. There are two places that you can use a middleware pipeline:

1. Building block APIs - HTTP middleware components are executed when invoking any Dapr HTTP APIs.
2. Service-to-Service invocation - HTTP middleware components are applied to service-to-service invocation calls.

## Configure API middleware pipelines

> When launched, a Dapr sidecar constructs a middleware processing pipeline for incoming HTTP calls. By default, the pipeline consists of the [tracing]({{< ref tracing-overview.md >}}) and CORS middlewares. Additional middlewares, configured by a Dapr [Configuration]({{< ref configuration-concept.md >}}), can be added to the pipeline in the order they are defined. The pipeline applies to all Dapr API endpoints, including state, pubsub, service invocation, bindings, secrets, configuration, distributed lock, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When launched, a Dapr sidecar constructs a middleware processing pipeline for incoming HTTP calls. By default, the pipeline consists of the [tracing]({{< ref tracing-overview.md >}}) and CORS middlewares. Additional middlewares, configured by a Dapr [Configuration]({{< ref configuration-concept.md >}}), can be added to the pipeline in the order they are defined. The pipeline applies to all Dapr API endpoints, including state, pub/sub, service invocation, bindings, secrets, configuration, distributed lock, etc.
```

I think most docs use "pub/sub" instead of "pubsub"
